release: v1.0.0-alpha.59 (#513)
inveniosoftware/react-invenio-app-ils: CHANGES.md

# Changes

Version 1.0.0-alpha.59 (released 2021-12-02)

> - Validate that vocabulary fields passed are valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Validate that vocabulary fields values in the form select
```

> - Ensure that the first loan of each document is the correct one.

Reviewer: not sure what is the correct loan ?

> - Properly order all loans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Order loans in search by ascending creation date
```

> - Fix 'See all' button in the loans history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix 'See all' button search query in the loans history.
```

> - Allow downloading loans in csv/json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow downloading loans in csv/json file.
```

> - Warn the users that try to extend an overbooked loan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add warning for the librarian tring to extend an overbooked loan.
```

> - Fix error handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add error notification for unhandled API errors.
```
